Q1 - What is Emmet?
Ans - It is a set of plugin to improve the workflow of HTML & CSS.

Q2 - Difference between a Library & a Framework?
Ans - 1. Framework and Library both are code written by someone else that helps to perform task in less verbose way.
2. A Framework inverts the control of program. It tells the developer what they need. A library doesn't. The programmer calls the library where and when they need it.
3. In case of library we call a method means we are in control but in case of framework the control is inverted i.e the framework calls us.
4. The degree of freedom a library or framework gives to developer dictate how opinionated it is.

Q3 - What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans - CDN: Content Delivery Network
CDN refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content.
A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading internet content like HTML pages JavaScript files , stylesheets etc.
Uses: -> to improve website load time
-> reducing bandwidth costs.
-> increasing content availability and redundancy.
-> improving website security.

Q4 - Why is React known as React?
Ans - Since react is a frontend library means whenever user tries to interact on webpage through the user events the View should react with that user interaction.

Q5 - What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans - crossorigin attribute sets the mode of request to HTTP CORS.A crossorigin request is a request for a resource from other domain.

Q6 - What is difference between React & ReactDOM?
Ans - React library is responsible for creating views while ReactDOM is responsible for actual render of UI in browser.

Q7 - What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans - react.development.js - needs to be used only in development mode it might include source maps , debugging and sometimes hot reloading as well.
react.production.js - it runs in the production mode means it will be run in our client's machine.It builds source files into one or more minimized files.

Q8 - What is async and defer?
Ans - async -> in this case while HTML parsing is going on the scripts are fetched in parallel and as soon as it is fetched HTML parsing stops there & execution of scripts will start.
defer -> in this case scripts are fetched in parallel with HTML parsing and once HTML parsing is completed execution of script will take place.
